Improve foreach reference (#18756)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/keywords/foreach-in.md

---
# foreach, in (C# reference)

The `foreach` statement executes a statement or a block of statements for each element in an instance of the type that implements the <xref:System.Collections.IEnumerable?displayProperty=nameWithType> or <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable%601?displayProperty=nameWithType> interface. The `foreach` statement isn't limited to those types and can be applied to an instance of any type that satisfies the following conditions:

- has the public parameterless `GetEnumerator` method whose return type is either class, struct, or interface type,
- the return type of the `GetEnumerator` method has the public `Current` property and the public parameterless `MoveNext` method whose return type is <xref:System.Boolean>.

> In most uses, `foreach` iterates an `IEnumerable<T>` expression, and the elements are the type `T`. However, the elements may be any type that has an implicit or explicit conversion from the type of the `Current` property. If the `Current` property returns `SomeType`, the type of the elements may be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most uses, `foreach` iterates an `IEnumerable<T>` expression, and where each element is of type `T`. However, the elements may be any type that has an implicit or explicit conversion from the type of the `Current` property. If the `Current` property returns `SomeType`, the type of the elements may be:
```

- Any of the base classes of `SomeType`.
- Any of the interfaces implemented by `SomeType`.

> Furthermore, if `SomeType` is a `class` or `interface` and not `sealed`, the type of elements may include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, if `SomeType` is a `class` or an `interface` and not `sealed`, the type of elements may include:
```
